Following a spike of Covid-19 cases in Meru, Klang, Top Glove’s workers dormitory and its surrounding area will be placed under an Enhanced Movement Control Order (EMCO), starting 17th November, for 14 days. This restriction will affect 2.5k Top Glove factory workers, representing c.15% of its total factory workforce across the Group. Operations at the factories in Meru are expected to be carried out as per usual, despite lesser manpower. In the meantime, we believe Top Glove could hire local part timers to make up for the temporary worker shortage. We do not think that the 2 weeks’ impact will affect Top Glove significantly, given that manufacturing plants are still allowed to operate, despite at a lower utilization rate due to worker shortage. Should the situation worsen, leading to a more serious shortage of gloves, we think that ASPs could increase further given the fact that Top Glove commands 25% of the global market share. With that, we maintain our Trading Buy call with an unchanged TP of RM9.70. We see the weakness in its share price as an opportunity to accumulate.

EMCO restrictions for Top Glove. Two of Top Glove’s dormitory in Meru, Klang, together with its surrounding areas, have been placed under an Enhance Movement Control Order (EMCO) starting 17th to 30th November, for a total of 14 days. This came after the Teratai cluster in Meru reporting a total of 215 positive cases on 15th November. The restriction would put 2.5k of Top Glove’s workers under quarantine, including 650 workers that are put in isolation, which we reckon was due to coming into close contact with the positive cases. We gather that not all the cases in the Teratai cluster are linked to Top Glove’s dormitory.
Implications. We understand that Top Glove has a total of 16.5k factory workers and the affected 2.5k workers makes up c.15% of its total factory workforce. The factories’ operations are expected to carry out as per normal, despite at a lower run rate given the lesser manpower. In the meantime, we believe Top Glove might also hire local part time workers to help make up for the worker shortage. Should the outbreak situation in the vicinity worsens, affecting more workers and leading into an even more severe global glove shortage, we think ASPs could increase further, resulting in an eventual expansion of profit margin that would benefit Top Glove.